You drank this bowl of soup
Or I'm going to die here
Isn't it just a bowl of soup?
I'll just drink it.
Princess
The princess is not good
Someone attacked the Duke's Mansion
Our people are all dead
What? Who dares to trespass into our Duke's Mansion?
I don't know now.
The other party is the master
We can't stop it
Princess, run away
Otherwise it's too late it's too late
Just let it go
Hahahaha
The second brother turned out to be you
Why did you sneak into my lair?
You didn't want to fight for the throne with me
But you and Wang Xun have repeatedly spoiled my good deeds
Disgrace me
You say you should kill
The person you are looking for is Wang Xun
Nothing to do with anyone else in the mansion
Fart if it wasn't for the power of your duchy
How can Wang Xun rise so fast?
Became the governor of the weapons army?
I guess you didn't just come here to kill people
What else do you want?
Go ahead, haha.
You are really smart
No wonder Father loves you so much
Yes, we're not just here to kill
I did it for your inventions
Especially the method of refining jokes